file system cache doc change (#22176)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/object-storage/file-system-cache.md

* - `fs.cache.enabled`
  - Enable object storage caching. Defaults to no caching with the value `false`.
* - `fs.cache.directories`

>   - (Required), comma-separated list of absolute paths to directories to use for

Author: Thanks for the feedback I will refer to that from now on for updates!

    and set the values for `fs.cache.max-sizes` or
    `fs.cache.max-disk-usage-percentages` accordingly.
* - `fs.cache.max-sizes`
  - (Optional), comma-separated list specifying the maximum [data sizes](prop-type-data-size)
    for each caching directory.The order of values must correspond to the order of the directories list. 

>     This option cannot be used in conjunction with `fs.cache.max-disk-usage-percentages`.

Reviewer: Wording should be kept simple .. 

```suggestion
    This property cannot be used with `fs.cache.max-disk-usage-percentages`.
```

* - `fs.cache.max-disk-usage-percentages`
  - (Optional), comma-separated list indicating the maximum percentage values of disk usage for each directory. 

>     Each value must be an integer between 1 and 100, and the order must match the directories list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Each value must be an integer between 1 and 100. The order of values must be identical to the directories list.
```

>     If multiple directories share the same disk, ensure the total percentages for that drive do not exceed 100%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If multiple directories share the same disk, ensure that the total percentages for that drive do not exceed 100%.
```

>     This option cannot be used in conjunction with `fs.cache.max-sizes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This property cannot be used with `fs.cache.max-sizes`.
```

>   - (Optional), comma-separated list indicating the maximum percentage values of disk usage for each directory. 
>     Each value must be an integer between 1 and 100, and the order must match the directories list.
>     If multiple directories share the same disk, ensure the total percentages for that drive do not exceed 100%.
>     This option cannot be used in conjunction with `fs.cache.max-sizes`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Comma-separated list indicating the maximum percentage values of disk usage for each directory. 
    Each value must be an integer between 1 and 100, and the order must match the directories list.
    If multiple directories share the same disk, ensure the total percentages for that drive do not exceed 100%.
    This option cannot be used with `fs.cache.max-sizes`, though one must be set.
```

Reviewer 2: I think I'd prefer this verbiage, it's a little more wordy, but it's way more clear (and apply this to the above property as well). We need to make it obvious that you have to set one of these two properties.

Reviewer: Thats fine as well with me .. not sure we should drop the initial "Optional"
